All right, so our app is looking pretty good here but you'll notice what happens,
and this is especially true on Android,
when I hit refresh,
you notice there's some wonky stuff going on here.
We get this screen right here and then it goes into the app.
What we want to do instead is we kind of want to minimize that chink.
So until the app is ready,
we want to show a loading screen.
So what we can do is inside of our history file,
we can import this component called AppLoading from expo.
And then now what we can do is we can come down here and say ready set to false.
So now we have a property on our state called ready,
and inside of render what we can do,
let's go ahead and grab that ready property from our state.
And then now, we can say if ready equals false,
what we want to do is return AppLoading.
So until we are ready,
go ahead and show this loading component,
and then now we need to figure out,
or we need to tell and update ready once the app is actually ready with all of the data.
So what we can do is,
right here, we can just chain on another.then and we can say,
when all of this happens,
when that's all finished,
go ahead and run this.setState,
set ready to true.
Now, this isn't going to fix all of our issues because this is going to get
called immediately after this function resolves.
But it does get us a little bit closer.
So you'll see here when our app refreshes,
there is still a little bit of that flash here,
but it is a little bit better.